Fixes support for deployment k8s authen for k8s 1.16 or newer (#1445)
cyberark/conjur: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]
### Changed
- Postgres advisory lock used for rotation

> - Fix support for using deployment as K8s authen ID for Kubernetes >= 1.16

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix support for using deployment as K8s authentication resource type for Kubernetes >= 1.16 (#1440)
```
